docs/github_initialization.md, before:

## GitHub Initialization
A repository has already been created named `stts` for Marc Reichel. We will still have to initialize it by generating a **README.md** file containing:

```markdown
# STTS Website – Marc Reichel Special Effects

## Project Overview
This is the official website for **Marc Reichel**, a world-renowned special effects expert and pyrotechnician. Built using **React + Vite**, this site highlights Marc’s extensive filmography, career highlights, and offers direct contact options for film, TV, and commercial work.

## Features
- Cinematic landing page with looping hero video.
- Dynamic portfolio page pulling data from IMDb.
- Dedicated highlight reel showcase page.
- Contact & About section featuring studio info and Marc’s career background.
- Fully responsive with dark, industrial design inspired by Marc’s explosive work.

## Tech Stack
- React (Vite)
- Tailwind CSS
- React Router
- Framer Motion
- Cursor AI & Claude 3.7-assisted development

## Pages
- Home (Landing Page)
- Portfolio (Selected Works & Full Credits)
- Contact & About (Form, Bio, Social Links)

## Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/mrj0nesmtl/stts.git
cd stts
npm install
npm run dev

Commit message:

Initial commit: Lofts des Arts condominium website

docs/github_initialization.md, after:

## GitHub Initialization
A repository has already been created named `loftdesarts` https://github.com/mrj0nesmtl/loftsdesarts for Loft des Arts Condominiums. We will still have to initialize it by generating a **README.md** file containing:

```markdown
# Lofts des Arts Condominiums

## Project Overview
This is the official website for **Lot des Arts Condominiums**. Built using **Next.js**, this site highlights the condominium's history, amenities, and offers direct contact options for the Board of Directors.

## Features
- Cinematic landing page with looping hero video.
- Contact & About section featuring condominium info and Board of Directors.
- Fully responsive with dark, industrial design inspired by Lot des Arts Condominiums.

## Tech Stack
- React (Vite)
- Tailwind CSS
- React Router
- Framer Motion
- Cursor AI & Claude 3.7-assisted development

## Pages
- Home (Landing Page)
- Contact & About (Form, Bio, Social Links)
- Admin Dashboard (Contact form submissions, website content management, and parcel delivery tracking)

## Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/mrj0nesmtl/loftsdesarts.git
cd loftsdesarts
npm install
npm run dev
